Login 

 User Story
As a shopper I want to login so I can browser the items available for purchase.

Acceptance Criteria
Username	
	Username needs to be a valid email address.
Password	Password must be at least 6 and at most 12 characters’ long.
	Password must contain at least 1 upper case letter.
	Password must contain at least 1 lower case letter.
	Password must contain an alphanumeric character.
	Password must contain a special character.


Scenario Template
Scenario 1:	User is authorized
	
	Given the user is an authorized user (registered user)
	When She/he visits the Amazon URL to login
	And She/he fills in her correct details
	Then She/he is presented with the browsing page.Scenario 2:	User is not authorized
	
	Given the user has not registered with the Amazon
	When She/he visits the Amazon URL to login
	And She/he fills in her correct details
	Then She sees an error page stating clearly that she is not registered 
And She is given a link to the registration page
	


Browsing Products

 User Story
As a shopper I want to view a list of products so I can select some to purchase


Acceptance Criteria
Password	
	See a thumbnail image for each product
	Click to view details for each product
	Add to cart from the detail page
	Search for a product by name or category
	View products by category


Scenario Template
Scenario 1:	See a thumbnail image for each product
	
	Given The user is an authorized user
	When The user has successfully login.
	And She/he fills in her correct details
	Then She/he is presented with the browsing site with the thumbnail products.
Scenario 2:	Click to view details for each product
	
	Given The user is on the browsing page
	When The user has clicks on the thumbnail of a product
	Then She/he is presented with the details of the product.
Scenario 3:	Add to cart from the detail page
	
	Given The user is an authorized user
	When The user clicks on the add to cart.
	And She/he is on the detail page
	Then She/he is presented with the add to cart page.
	

Scenario 4:	Search for a product by name or category
	
	Given The user is an authorized user
	When The user searches for product by name or category
	Then She/he is presented with the search tab.
Scenario 5:	View products by category
	
	Given The user is an authorized user
	When The user clicks on the view products by category.
	Then She/he is presented with the page with the products categorized.
	

